I was given promoted, as I said so often before.
Successfully and repeatedly and finally up to BAA.
Private, now, let me answer.
Now, let me answer this person and make sure the list that you're going to submit.
Do you feel that all the officers who are here are necessary to this year?
I do, Senator D. The arrangement that I have is that, Jeff,
I expect those members of my staff who may be necessary in connection with them all,
in fact, out on the table on any phase of this investigation that should be here with me.
For me, as you listen, Mr. Hensel, as in, a few personal, let's put this for your regularity,
not as they represent all the military, but as the emergency agents, or representing the first
of the agents, to enable the department.
Do you feel that it's proper to supply Mr. Hensel with frankly very confident army personnel
that said they are happy and tellable?
Or do you think they'll be finished by any person?
My personal personal personal is Jalaghan.
Why do you think they have a man named Mr. Hensel?
Mr. Hensel has to fight a part of the man named Mr. Hensel.
I am the man named Mr. Hensel.
But I would like to finish the question.
I will not answer.
I will finish the question.
Please proceed with the questioning.
When you read me the last word of my person, you will all the time in the world with counsel to object.
I just want you to stop the task to fight and put it in the form of the last two words of my personal personal.
Do the last two words like you take up?
Okay.
I will not answer.
Please go.
Read the whole thing out.
Read the entire question.
No, not on my time, Mr. Jalaghan.
Now just be me and your general and I will be comforted.
Thank you very much.
Read the entire question please.
Question, question.
Let me answer you, Mr. Hensel has an excuse to personal, but I put it this way, irregularity.
Not as irrelevant about the military, but while he was purchasing representative,
representative for purchasing it for the neighborhood law.
And do you feel it is profit is the blood of Mr. Hensel with a shot of the very amount of the Army personnel who sit here at a jail poll?
Why do you think?
Because of the very early length that Mr. Hensel should reply to a fire of his own unilaterable counsel.
And before he leaves up, Mr. Stevens of the megastare is right there in the project.
May I come that down, Mr. Hensel?
No comments that you would make a point of what if you have one.
It's already appears in the records that I have in the voice, my own counsel.
Senator McCarthy was here and heard that statement, mad.
And the implications these men are here to assist me is not a proper one.
And here's in my opinion enough that Senator McCarthy to testify as he has continuously tried to do.
I have checked the magazine here.
The counsel, that's his request.
If he was a relevant question in my opinion, if his father for the purpose of a listening from this witness,
his interest or lack of interest is prejudice by our otherwise.
And it is my opinion of advice to the committee that the question should be answered.
I have asked the counsel the point of what they told me to do in the Secretary of the Department of the question.
Could you and do with the interruptions?
I have a question, David.
A little behind on that question.
Do you have the question, David?
If I may say, it will be David.
Time off on a speaking evening.
Ah!
The reporter is rereading this question.
We pause ten seconds for station identification.
WNYC, New York City's own station.
Back to the committee room, the caucus room in the Senate office building.
Where Secretary of the Army Stevens has passed over a list to Senator McCarthy.
Apparently a list of those officers which are here.
The reporter is now rereading that or another earlier question.
And let's go back to the testimony.
You were investigating for the mail in the office.
Do you feel that the property is a blindedard?
A good attack is very confident property personnel who sit here at a jailboat or do you think?
Or do you think that Mr. Hentley can be required to hire his own legal counsel?
Happy?
Mr. Chairman, I think any of the questions read this.
In my opinion, the question, please suppose the existence of the fact that there are certain army personnel sitting beside Mr. Hentley advising him.
And in view of the connotation of that question,
I reverse myself and hold up the question as it has been asked is improper.
But the senator of course would have the right to first ask as a predicate to his question now under consideration.
Whether or not there are certain members of the Army that you want to present.
I think the most of all they can have after us.
Mr. Hentley, Mr. Chairman, we risk in guilt and the sustainment of Mr. Hentley is finally right here and I'm getting 5D.
Kind of Wisconsin, you are seeing that with Mr. Dr. who is quite well taken.
I am his back in again.
Mr. Stephen was a three army officers, a general, two full officials, one setting these five of Mr. Hentley.
I take your questions.
Two two gentlemen and one two staff general sitting here, one behind Mr. Hentley, two to his wife.
Question, have they here, here you age Mr. Hentley?
They are here to represent the Department of the Army with me.
Are they here for the purpose of helping Mr. Hentley?
They are here for the purpose of helping me and by me to call upon.
Question, are they here also for the purpose of helping Mr. Hentley?
No, that's not Mr. Hentley, has already testified that he has his own counsel.
Then we have to get to the, let me get them to the kind of names of each of them.
Can I have the names that you have been on?
Oh wait, it's time for Honour and I'll say it's next, seated next to Mr. Hentley.
And General Cappy is on his left, and General Hentley is on his left.
My lady is sitting in the second row.
Mr. Chairman, I want to make a point which may seem rather important but we've been shifting and seeing your arrangement down here.
So off on the understanding is that Mr. Hentley was a part of the industry.
And he's sitting here with his counsel at the table.
If these young women are not here to beg your pardon.
If the officers are not here to ask Mr. Hentley, then I think they should adhere to the agency of Mr. Stephen.
I think they should move back if Mr. Stephen.
I don't like to have a man with some bad records.
I can see they got outstanding combat records prepared from the ribbons they wear.
I don't like to have them sitting here and lending dignity to Mr. Hentley by sitting at his left.
The lawyer has been sitting here with him now.
That was best of fun to work with.
I think that, my mom was uncold for the Senate of McCarthy ought to be asked to apologize for that.
I'm happy to share this.
May the chair remain in the audience for the final time.
Mr. Hentley, I have a question for Mr. Hentley.
Mr. Hentley, the chair remain in the audience for the final time that your here is the guest of the committee.
There are no manifestations of approval or disrequival.
And I ask if that will be definitely important.
Are you ready to point out, lawyer?
I am quite ready to apologize for the request for an apology to Mr. Hentley.
I do not think that we're more of a senator McCarthy about my dignity with law.
I think I have plenty of dignity and deserve glory than I have.
Your statement will be in front of the committee.
Mr. Chair, there is no power against the force to apologies on the part of any of the participants.
You could request one, sir.
There's nothing I can do with them.
Mr. Chairman, do you want to ask your final audience?
I am anxious that we should finish with this witness tonight.
You know it is repulsive to be to run over time, but to my time willing and glad to.
I hate to take these precious moments discussing, steaming the race, but you have seen it in the entire place.
The point of order gave me go on with the hearings, sir.
Very well.
And I'm a proud member of the committee, very much.
Mr. Stevens, who is the owner of the Supreme Court of General Secretary of State Council?
Who now?
Mr. Chair, we go on with the hearings tonight.
I happen to know.
I happen to know the federal verdicts there, because I have to have his there.
He's helped with being there, but I don't want for some extra attention of the chair,
but don't run any down there, much of mine.
I don't want the general in the office of my list, no rule.
I just want to make one order.
My question was, Mr. Stevens.
So the report of a deadline statement, I said, I don't want the GMM testifying Mr. Daviro.
Mr. Stevens, did you order the true counsels of the general secretary, Mr. Hamilton?
My arrangement is not a McCarthy.
In your order, Mr. Members, the minds that are after the necessary security,
for the armed with me will come here, and for as far as what they said,
I don't care what they said as long as they're available to me.
A very little bit is perfectly appropriate, or counsel for the army side of this country,
if you see it at the end of the table, and they all know that every day I believe
with the members of the McCarthy group, which is very ridiculous to have this one testimony.
The general of the two journals are not counseled to which are counseled,
and I'll go to the committee.
The counsel will be here to counsel.
The committee runs down the street, and he has the right to have the seat in the thousand of the tables
with the rest of the committee on board, and I don't want any of the carries entirely,
rather than any of them.
Yes, but on the out-of-the-right system, they are sitting right.
And then I'm going to receive the number of members of the committee.
We don't know any of the categories, but it's right, since that was a double-defeated statement.
When this was handled, we were advised that the members of the committee are general of the mills,
and the members of the committee are general of the mills.
I say a lot from Germany, reason for attendance with us.
Major general A&E on assignment chiefs to stay up to the one-person meal, reason for attendance,
advised us the army with the person in personnel matters.
The Colonel calls to the assignment office of the chiefs,
and we are going, reason for attendance.
The Vice-Senator McCarthy reads this list of officers.
We want to make this announcement for the last two hours ABC radio's been bringing you on the scene coverage of the McCarthy Army hearings
direct from the Senate office, Billy, and Washington.
At this time, due to a prior commitment of the network and many of its affiliate stations,
we must leave the hearings for five minutes.
After that, our live direct coverage will resume.
Major GA-I-VM assignments, office of the judge advocate general, reason for attendance, legal assistance.
Corporal James R. Frank from the assignment, messenger office chiefs, and staff reasons for attendance, messenger.
Mr. Secretary general, Ridgeway to chiefs, staff, I've been here for some time.
And Lieutenant General, I'll sit when, sir, deputy chiefs, staff.
Also, Major, Major General George, back, deputy chiefs, staff.
Because if you're feeling as all of those officers are necessary to prepare your case in regards to private time,
it's point of order to come.
Senator, what's the...
How I'd give the...
...differentation is that those people are in the room.
And I think they should be identified if they're not in the room, but available to be in the room and to request the Secretary of the Army.
And I think that matter ought to be made clear now.
Mr. Secretary, I have my understanding of Secretary for finding a list of those who were in the room.
Am I incorrect about that?
Mr. Chairman, what was that?
Mr. Chairman, the list of the Senator who was reading from the list of the Secretary for the Army,
you look people are in the room.
Well, he just read off the name of General Ridgeway and General Bath, for example.
And they're not here.
Very well, the most is not here for me.
General Lemnitz, sir, is not here.
The January list?
No, they were not on the list.
We're the most important reading, because I keep a letter here and read.
We'll report a read exactly what I said.
Why don't we get through some other thing they have been here previously?
So there's no question about what I said.
Mr. Chairman, may I make an observation?
I'm not a Secretary, I'm not a Secretary.
As I understand, Senator McCarthy has just read a list of those persons, Mr. Secretary,
representing Army personnel, which list you have purchased.
If his mind is standing to he ask you a simple question to with, whether or not General Ridgeway and some other...
A general back has been here previously, to the day or to this time.
Now they didn't you.
If the election without the matter, if you will simply answer that question.
They have been here.
I'll have this in the future.
Every other person has been asked it.
They've been here previously.
I think the question will continue.
You can give me all of these officers who are necessary.
You'll prepare the case.
And all the private funds.
I didn't think so, they wouldn't be here.
So, do you think they're all necessary?
Yes, sir.
Well, if you think so, I assume you'll have them here.
No.
General, is it true that the order of us November 24, 1953, you call General Black, the office?
Does that time you indicated that you're very much disturbed over the fact that General Washington,
the Commanding General of Fort Monmouth, had made a statement, paying tribute to the investigation,
and also indicating the various institutions which the Communist, the Wiener, who he had to suspend,
receive their education, and that you asked back to give you a report on that,
and get the next election.
Welcome, Mr. Chairman, I object to the question.
You are at 22nd, Mr. Roosevelt.
Yes, the question is far too long.
I can't understand it.
Well, the time has never been questioned down in the shortest region, so the delicious thing,
and we can't go into it.
I think the question is not whether Mr. Roosevelt's understanding of the number of festivals
does.
Do you understand the question, Bob?
It's too long for me, Senator Chote.
Either re-read or broken down.
How about I'll break it down in a year, if you're up next to the politics?
Did you call General Black, your office, oner of us, November 24, 1953, in regard to General
Washington, the Commanding Officer, at the radar intelligence at Fort Monmouth?
I did.
You did.
And at that time, were you considerably disturbed, as well as reinforce the General Washington,
had complimented the committee?
No, I wasn't disturbed about that.
At that time, were you considering relieving General Lawton of his command?
Did I testify before that the matter was had received or was receiving at that time some consideration?
Now, Mr. Secretary, let me say this for your protection.
General Black has made a statement, and I don't consider him making many witnesses at all.
I think he's loyal to you.
I know that your memory may be bad, and I'll testify in your day after the other pressure.
It'll be as relative.
As you know, I have no personal animosity toward you.
I'm here at the time, Mr. Chairman's time, as you might.
Mr. President, you may be fired.
Mr. Stewart, you need to get a charity and fire from the members of the committee.
What the patient is, is approximately 30.
We want to scour you, nothing to go around now, I think you want to reach it.
The chairman of the chair is going to be at the ball.
We just need to be refabricated.
Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, the right-hand man's charity, and we'll never find out the members of the committee
whether they prefer to be set for the chairman.
Or to continue for the president.
I would suggest to find out from Senator McCarthy how much longer his interrogation will be,
and if it takes some time, why then would it happen?
We've grown old, but it's not that it's just as nice.
I am.
There's a certain evidence that any idea how much longer we need to decide to interrogate him with.
I have no idea of doing that because I don't know how long it will take to listen.
Thanks firmly with us.
Man, I say this, but while I'm on the member of the committee,
being chairman of the parent committee, I have a deep interest in the question of,
which is a sign of our opinion as efficiently, weight of money.
I think the longer we carry this on, the greater the weight.
I think we should follow some of our partners who just have made this more known,
have longer sessions of nice sessions, and somehow, yet really this red minimal burlesque for each.
Senator, have any idea how long it will take him to conclude his interrogation?
I have no idea much from long with the chairman.
Not too long.
Do you think in the possibility of completing your action to prevent an indirection
of maybe five o'clock?
You mean if I have that time without a direction?
I have that in the rough.
I have to find out where I'm at.
I dealt with the chairman of the other summaries who would read about that,
and I think the label won't be the time of the time.
Most people just got a chance to have a riot and make the day of the included interrogation
for the UNESCO World Heritage Center.
But we have rules here in support of the UNESCO World Heritage Center.
We're going to try to follow them.
And I'm not going to leave anybody at half hour's time without interruption.
Say that now and that will hold good through these hearings.
We're going to follow these rules.
How may I focus the discussion out of the final question?
Do you want to reach out now, or do you prefer to continue with another order?
I'm not here to remember this as my subcommittee to serve me just now to raise your hand.
I'm not here to prefer it to start in with another order.
I'm here to defend my defense.
I'm standing in front of the security room.
I'm not a secretary.
I don't know any reason why we walked in continuing, definitely.
We're going to witness the energy we just put about on the riot.
Our line of time is going to find out if you want to start with another order.
I think the vote is in favor of continuing to apply.
If you're taking to get you for the question.
No further questions, Mr. Chair.
Chair has done it this time, sir.
In the comments.
In order to expedite this proceeding, I can best the chauvin make my contribution to bringing the interrogation of this witness to an end by passing.
Under there.
Energy rejected.
Stand in the pot.
Enemy go ahead.
No questions.
Any other questions?
I guess we're right at the last press of the press that are up there.
I thought that Mr. Steven, you know I have no personal animal state here at you.
Therefore, I think in front of the CEO, I should tell you that we have a statement from General Bygge.
I believe in complete freedom of nature.
Excuse me.
I'll be careful.
I knew the senator he got.
I'm just in the chair here with 20 working.
Yes, I assume the senator is offering this statement in evidence.
Do I know?
Alive that might have a similar council then.
This statement was taken by council as president of the summary.
As prepared by my staff being a summary, I assume it would not be a visible evidence.
The summary by General Bygge said last night.
Well, in that event I would like to introduce the senator.
I apologize the committee is entitled to use any document he has before him to request his recollection with respect to questions to the secretary and not statements of facts.
Yes.
Any other questions?
Yes, sir.
May I say to the senator who looked at the committee and was chairman of the map.
This is the summary.
I have no objection at all to this being read by the secretary before he answers my questions or a Mr. Weld or many members of the committee.
It so happens by only one chapter.
It so happens only one copy is very brief.
If anyone, any members are credited, they're welcome to.
I assume it's magic.
Yes, sir.
Chairman.
Senator McCarthy, proceed with the interrogation of the witness.
All right, then, uh, Mr. Secretary, did you indicate to General Bygge that you were very disturbed because General Lawton and the speech had paid tribute to the manner in which our investigation at Fort Monmouth was conducted?
I had talked to, uh, to, uh, General Bygge about General Lawton and, uh, little worried about his judgment in respect to certain matters.
You talked to me also about General Lawton, did you not?
I've missed your address, I think, there.
You also talked to Dr. Romulus.
I don't have the memory.
I don't know if you recall that you talked to me, you said that.
Well, I didn't coach you for a bit, and with that recall, you said that there was a possibility of a few mubbies to man, you said you were disturbed because of the judgment.
And, uh, I asked you what the strategy, and you said because you admitted speech in which you pointed out what particular university most of these suspenders and people got their education.
You recall, uh, in General Yavsert.
No, I recall that information, I don't recall the conversation with you, Senator.
But then that was roughly what you were describing.
I was disturbed about some of the things that were reported to me as in that speech, incidentally, I know that it's important, but I, I, I, as Secretary of the Army, Senator, I, I dislike them, tends way to discuss the individual personal situation of one of our acting, commanding generals.
If it's essential to the getting of all the facts on the table, I am of course prepared to do it, but I hope that you'll bury them on if you can, of course, if, uh, it's, uh, it's a fine, professional man, and he still in command of Port Mama.
When we are saying, Mr. Doom, that I have the highest respect for General Wall.
I think he is one of the most outstanding generals, with the way I've ever come in contact.
The reason you're being questioned at this point is because of all the information, which came to us through various sources, including your man, John Allen.
So the effect that you were going to remove him with my arm, after you're two awkward with the commission, I am now interrogating you as to whether or not he's as true as that is the reason why you're going to remove him or get some other reason.
No, that was not the reason. That was not the reason. Now, did you tell General Blank when you called into your office on November 24th of last year that one of the reasons why you were very much disturbed, apparently the word is exercised, about law, and the effect of your duty.
You submitted your first thing, and you just worked one month investigation. The thing that I really remember talking to Senator Pacquiao was the mention of these colleges and universities, it seemed to me that that was outside the scope of his activity.
Well, I'm a secretary, I am not asking you to let me out. If you were very much disturbed because you've probably lost him, felt friendly for a good guy, because often since we were doing a good job, if you discuss that with a guy, you should've been more removed from that.
I remember talking with General Pacquiao, certainly that was right in my office. I was disturbed for the reason that I've given, and I felt it was something that I had to give for any consideration to.
As I say once again, I just, it just really needs my heart out there to talk about one of our fine new-and-all officers in this way, because I just recognize the senator that he is still there, he's doing a good job, there was no change in the way.
Did you get any came through, Pawn? Did you feel he was doing a good job when you were considering removing him?
Obviously, if I was to have any worries about him or any other officer, I would, if I didn't have, I wouldn't be considering and taking any action.
This is a little person, Mr. Sarkar, you said he was doing a good job, with that I hardly agree, the first is, did you think we were doing a good job?
At the time, as you said, you were considering removing him from that dimension.
I was concerned about some of the things that he was reporting to have said in some talks that he made at Fortmont.
Did you think you'd do a good job, then?
I thought he was doing a good job, yes, but I was concerned about some of the material in those talks.
You know, I didn't do any good job right then.
Would you want to deny Mr. Sarkar, you under oath, that you could go general back, that one of the reasons why you were considering removing one, was because he had paid tribute,
We do mean or do we are committing?
No, I would want to deny that.
I would rather we don't know.
That's right, I'm trying my best to recall that particular conversation.
A lot of while ago, I've given you the, my recollection of the senator, but I wouldn't be in a position to say that,
as general back might not recall something about the conversation that I don't recall.
Now, as a true, that, that you talked to Mr. Bucker General back in the 24th, the interview is general law firm.
Can back it important to you?
It's important to get that truth.
After I talked with General back, he had turned talk with General Law, and I know that was true.
Can he back it important to you?
I think, yes, I think I got a memorandum from him.
Does he come back personally just to the matter with you?
I don't recall, either memorandum or a visit, in any way, in any of that, he could come back.
He has the memorandum available.
It is.
Which puts you with the question of the chair, which is produced up in random.
I don't know what I have a vibe here, but I don't expect it ever right there.
Let me ask you this, does your council know the answer there?
Yes.